update RFC006: conflict detection for create transactions (#206)
nuts-foundation/nuts-specification: rfc/rfc006-distributed-registry.md

## 5.1 Conflict detection

> It's a conflict for a create transaction when:

Reviewer: I think both conditions must apply?
```suggestion
A transaction that creates a DID document causes a conflict when all the following conditions apply:
```

> A transaction that creates a DID document causes a conflict when all the following conditions apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A transaction that creates a DID document causes a conflict when all of the following conditions apply:
```
